---
layout: page
title: Teaching
---


### Marketing Strategy in the Age of AI (2022/23)

The marketing strategies business leaders, strategy consultants or entrepreneurs implement
can make the difference between success and failure. In developing their marketing
strategy, many firms rely on big data and marketing analytics. Successful managers must
understand how big data and marketing analytics can inform marketing decisions. Such tools
have become a vital part of the skill sets of successful marketing professionals. The
objective of this course is to show you the benefits of using a systematic and analytical
approach to marketing decision-making and get you familiar with the insights and methods
you can use to understand marketing problems. The course discusses important marketing
problems and covers cutting-edge machine learning and data analytics techniques. It uses
an action-oriented, applied approach to managing marketing problems with data-driven
tools. Example applications allow students to experience the value of quantitative methods
in marketing even if they have little or no coding background. After completing this
course, students will be able to solve marketing analytics problems in a scientific and
process-driven manner.


### Learning from Big Data, BSc (2021/22, 2022/23)

Every day, millions of consumers voice their opinions in product-review websites, blogs,
and chat rooms. At the same time, retailers collect rich data sets that contain valuable
information from their loyalty programs. In this era of big data, the availability of new,
larger, and more diversified data sets creates exciting opportunities for marketing
practitioners. All that is needed to address these challenges is the right set of tools
and the training that helps you to use the tools correctly. This course first teaches how
to formalize marketing problems as statistical models. It then shows how to solve
marketing problems by complementing classical econometric techniques with modern machine
learning (ML) methods. Students learn the needed tools and conceptual frameworks needed to
identify and exploit the opportunities that big data sources create.

### Machine Learning in Marketing: Theory and Applications, MSc (2020/21)

The course teaches students to solve real-world marketing problems using modern
quantitative methods. The course first reviews theoretical foundations in marketing,
statistics, and probability theory and then shows how to formalize marketing decisions as
machine learning problems. It also equips students with the necessary tools to implement
machine learning pipelines efficiently.

